cuoco> Preparo la 1^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 1^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 1^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 2^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 1^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 2^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 2^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 3^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 5^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 5^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 5^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 6^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 6^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 7^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 6^ torta
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 4^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 5^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 6^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 7^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 8^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 6^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 7^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 8^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 9^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 9^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 9^ torta
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
commesso> Vendo la torta...
cliente> Torta acquistata
cliente> Acquisto una torta...
cuoco> Preparo la 10^ torta
